Add docs (#121)
software-mansion/cairo-coverage: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

#### Added

> - `cairo-coverage clean` command to remove all generated files. This is useful as by default, the coverage report is
>   appended to the existing one. So if you want to start fresh, you can use this command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cairo-coverage clean` command to remove all generated files. This is useful as by default, if a coverage report already exists, the new report is
  appended to it. So if you want to start fresh, you can use this command.
```

or something like this?
